Included link to details on which security alerts are available (#22015)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: concepts/includes/change-notifications-supported-resources-expanded.md

| Outlook [message][] | Changes to all messages in a user's mailbox: `/users/{id}/messages` , `/me/messages` <br><br> Changes to messages in a user's Inbox: `/users/{id}/mailFolders('inbox')/messages` , `/me/mailFolders('inbox')/messages` | A maximum of 1,000 active subscriptions per mailbox for all applications is allowed. |
| Outlook [event][] | Changes to all events in a user's mailbox: `/users/{id}/events` , `/me/events` | A maximum of 1,000 active subscriptions per mailbox for all applications is allowed. |
| Outlook personal [contact][] | Changes to all personal contacts in a user's mailbox: `/users/{id}/contacts` , `/me/contacts` | A maximum of 1,000 active subscriptions per mailbox for all applications is allowed. |

> | Security [alert][] | Changes to a specific alert: `/security/alerts/{id}` <br><br>Changes to filtered alerts: `/security/alerts/?$filter={parameters}` | Specific alert details here:  https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/security-api-overview?view=graph-rest-beta#alerts |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Security [alert][] | Changes to a specific alert: `/security/alerts/{id}` <br><br>Changes to filtered alerts: `/security/alerts/?$filter={parameters}` | For more information, see [Security API] (https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/security-api-overview?view=graph-rest-beta#alerts).|
```

> | Security [alert][] | Changes to a specific alert: `/security/alerts/{id}` <br><br>Changes to filtered alerts: `/security/alerts/?$filter={parameters}` | For more information, see [Security API](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/security-api-overview?view=graph-rest-beta#alerts).|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Security [alert][] | Changes to a specific alert: `/security/alerts/{id}` <br><br>Changes to filtered alerts: `/security/alerts/?$filter={parameters}` | For more information, see [Security API alerts](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/security-api-overview?view=graph-rest-beta#alerts).|
```
